man knows about closures since
several decades
carlos cacho vale transformed his passion
by mechanics in their way of life and
to serve in a community that of federal
in the north of between rivers
my story about this addiction to
the irons and we can tell you at last
was born almost that was that I told them it was
very young or I finished school
primary a father asked me what was going
to do and I told him that my sister yes
could to a school with the technique
industrial is like that because in all
eras you want to study a son
very expensive and more to me that I had to
sending another side did not have cold concord
that I was lucky to receive a measured
The expert mechanic turner certified
which is granted in this opportunity
when I received him he told me he offered
to put a turnery workshop and with the
help from him and the will to work
slept and some who participated in
power to draw up like some credit
banking something that with a tradition with
that original contribution plus a strong
vocation chunk worth built brick
on brick the premises and manufactured with
his own hands many of the
tools with which the workshop
started to work here they have come together
two things in true one in the whim
mine to be able to progress and get to something
have because at that time it was very
difficult to buy a machine
and there are many that I did in that
moment like a press some
hand-held machines that were the ones
they had the first principles with the
help from some bank loans and
also expanding lately that I
I call I do not know if it is well taken in the
Soya growth we've had
is to these buttonholes I decided not to this
gave me the opportunity to expand and
they took me to take more knowledge
all that is part of engine and
part of agricultural to be able to answer
to the work that began to come in
restoration of engines that is what
he arrived at this moment of having a
quite complete equipment and very
modern
the federal workshop has specialized
together with the technification acquired in
Services are geared towards care
of tractor and thresher engines
our main is the repair
rectification of engines that we say
but if they are badly taken, I say with
all the respect is of my point of
view is restoring engines of all
what is the engine part of
internal combustion so much that they use
fuel in steel as naphtha as
give us we repair here to part
we were increasing by die to the
need what is and that because in
nor would there be anyone who makes diesel
I'm lucky to have the only one
studied for repair of pumps
directors another who does the whole part
hydraulic or that to attend
needs of the field we are quite
complete
in the tools part and
knowledge and fixed engines that
they use many in the rice fields as
Headquarters for irrigation the face of the area
they have to do it with wells
deep
engines that are oxidizing between the 200
250 hp us up to 300 horses is the
tool that we have we are in
conditions of being able to restore
the mechanic chub is worth a hobby
that unlike many people do not
allows you to get away from the workshop to restore
old cars that I have everything all
person has a hobby or a place of one
way to get distracted or at least spend
the weekend in the free hours a
little distended today is plugged
maybe what I'm going to say is what
same because I like so much to repair
an engine or how is restoring a car
old this is the way I give me a
time when from my problems the
workshop when I get to work in
she
it's pretty ridiculous I do not know to another
person likes fishing likes to go
to do another kind of soccer
although I do not rule out any of
these sports but my sport is
restore my auto risk and I had the
luck continues to restore several
units which served me
even in my years of work
received as a savings to go
selling what you buy is some
tool or changing unit
included for our mobility
property is detailed soy effect
follows and as to the majority he third-party
think that the benefits are many and
that allow the rural sector to improve
and overturn those fruits but I speak for the
federal zone now others for not
I know a lot but from the area since
we have had the insertion of
to have the soy effect that is called
has given the possibility of having a lot
work or that more engines are broken
because you know puts more into operation
agricultural engines and even the part
the part of agricultural implement also
given the turnery some jobs
We also perform as for the customer
do not have to go to other cities
distant
to complement your work
work is very much the center
specialized covers a broad